Add documentation for query priority support by the transaction throttler (#1448)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/17.0/user-guides/configuration-advanced/comment-directives.md

If the query lacks the `WORKLOAD_NAME` directive, the corresponding label in the metric will have the value of an empty
string. If `vttablet` is not started with `--enable-per-workload-table-metrics`, metrics are emitted without the
workload label (e.g. `vttablet_query_counts{plan="Select",table="customer"}`.

### Priority (`PRIORITY`)

> Specifies the priority associated with the execution of this query, as a number between 0 (lowest priority) and 100
> (highest priority). The priority is used by the transaction throttler (see `--tx-throttler-...` and `-enable-tx-throttler`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the priority associated with the execution of this query, as a number between 0 (highest priority) and 100
(lowest priority). The priority is used by the transaction throttler (see `--tx-throttler-...` and `-enable-tx-throttler`
```

> flags in the `vttablet` documentation) to determine whether a particular query should be throttled. If the transaction

Reviewer: let's link the vttablet documentation here

Author: Fixed.

throttler determines that a query may need to be throttled, it will throttle it with a probability of

> `1 - <query priority>`. This allows to avoid high business impact queries from being throttled (by setting their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`100 - <query priority>`. This allows avoiding high business impact queries from being throttled (by setting their
```

Author: Fixed

> with a probability of `1 - <query priority>`. This allows avoiding high business impact queries from being throttled (by

Reviewer: I believe this is still incorrect ``1 - <query priority>``

Author: Right, I missed this. Fixed now.
